Dawn Abriel: I do have an intake Gun, gun it
Dawn Abriel: I have an intake.
Dawn Abriel: Just side has not was not
Dawn Abriel: It is the
Dawn Abriel: Teeth 2020
Dawn Abriel: And this is an intake Michael Sanchez.
Dawn Abriel: So it'll be an hour long
Dawn Abriel: Encounter
Dawn Abriel: Hurry up and get ready for him.
Dawn Abriel: Oh well.
Mike: Do the whole session.
Dawn Abriel: We have the start up. No, just kidding.
Dawn Abriel: I'll do it myself.
Mike: On a dot info. Um, can I recover from any of the symptoms like double vision or like got a stomach ache or constipation after
Mike: Sure years of. Yeah. Or, you know, maybe even sooner than that.
Dawn Abriel: Sure, yeah. You'll, you'll notice, everyone tells me when they get down to like four or three milligrams
Dawn Abriel: Will feel like their head clears up and they stop having so much constipation and they stopped having so much sleep difficulty and
Dawn Abriel: You know, right, and then by the time they get to the one milligram
Dawn Abriel: They just by that time, right. You've had a lot of therapy. You've been to many, many groups, you really have done the rewiring that's needed
Dawn Abriel: Caught up
Dawn Abriel: In your life.
Dawn Abriel: So it. This might take two years to taper down
Mike: Absolutely. Okay, I'm in
Mike: The question I just space. My mind just, oh, go ahead and I'll remember
Dawn Abriel: Have you gone to get your labs drawn yet.
Mike: They have not sent me
Mike: Any
Dawn Abriel: They don't send you anything. They do you have to go to a quest lab. Okay, you go to quest. And your name is on a list.
Mike: You just tell them with bright heart health.
Dawn Abriel: God, and then
Dawn Abriel: If it's not on the list, you call Braveheart health and say, would you send in order to my lab and you get the labs fax number and they'll fax over the order
Mike: Yeah, okay. Yeah. You mentioned that. So I didn't know that it was already
Dawn Abriel: It was in an email, they sent it in an email to you.
Mike: Okay, I didn't actually see that
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, so I give what are called he prescriptions their electronic you'll never have a piece of paper.
Dawn Abriel: To deal with
And
Dawn Abriel: You get your medicine, week to week you show up for group and you're there for the whole hour I write a script, you're not there, you don't get your medicine so
Mike: Make sure that I am at tending my meetings in through the entire duration. I'm good. If I needed to reschedule or any of those kinds of things.
Mike: How do I do go or go about that. Like if I know ahead of time that there's going to be a conflict to schedule and I need to do my session, but I'm not going to make the regular time who I call bright heart health, and
Dawn Abriel: Right, you go, you go. You go to the virtual clinic, the virtual clinic is what you came to before you came in to see me.
Mike: Yes. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Right. Those are care coordinators. They're there to answer all your questions and
To
Dawn Abriel: They can get ahold of the doc the therapist and anyone that you need for a bright heart health.
Dawn Abriel: Problem.
Mike: Got it, got it. What
Dawn Abriel: Once a month right heart health will send you a manila envelope like this.
Dawn Abriel: And when you get it did not open it.
Dawn Abriel: If you open it. It can't be used, you
Dawn Abriel: Have to go to the virtual clinic and say, I got one of these in the mail. What do I do with it.
Dawn Abriel: Open you'll open it in front of them, then you'll take out this in your open this in front of them. You go to the bathroom, you come back and you fold it up to the camera and turn it
Mike: Got it. And
Dawn Abriel: You do that once a month.
Dawn Abriel: If for some reason you don't get one, it's up to you to call bright hard health and say something must be happening to my address because I didn't get one.
Dawn Abriel: Got it. Because if you don't have a current up to date. You're in drug screen, they won't let you into groups.
Dawn Abriel: I'm going to be sending you some Narcan by law. Every time I write a prescription for buprenorphine. I have to send more can and I recommend that you have it on you.
Dawn Abriel: There's 11 refills, and I can write for more if you need it.
Mike: Okay, great.
Dawn Abriel: So this is what you have to do to get into group.
Dawn Abriel: Before group, you have to fill out a survey. It's called the brief addiction monitor be AM. We call it the band. Did you do your BAM and that allows me to keep up with what else is going on with you because I can't always know everything.
Dawn Abriel: You don't say everything you need to end group.
Dawn Abriel: So I can follow your progress. But that has to be done before group. If you wait to the last minute, you'll be late for group and some groups lock people out after 15 minutes. So then you're
Mike: Gonna have to be before group. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: You can do it a day before
Dawn Abriel: Two hours before it doesn't matter, but it has to be the for group.
Dawn Abriel: And to be in group, it has to be like this. Good lighting where we can see your facial expression, absolutely, positively never, ever. Can there be someone else in the room with you.
Mike: Right.
Dawn Abriel: If we see someone in the room, we will we will just kick out a group. And it's really easy. It's a push of one button and you're gone.
Dawn Abriel: Because
Dawn Abriel: You can imagine if someone comes onto the screen and recognizes you and knows you.
Dawn Abriel: It's a really large
Mike: You know, yeah.
Dawn Abriel: invasion of privacy.
Mike: Yeah, absolutely.
Dawn Abriel: We do ask people if they can, to use the earbuds. That way you know people
Dawn Abriel: In the other room, can't hear what other people are saying
Mike: Right. Um, I, the way that I'm doing it, I'm like the only person that's in the room is I been doing it.
Mike: Without your but it's okay. The other lady.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so after we're done. You're going to go back to the virtual clinic and do two things. Okay, you're going to say show me how to do a Bam.
Dawn Abriel: And how do I do the ACE survey AC E. It's just one time 10 questions.
Dawn Abriel: And it's adverse childhood experiences a CE. O. So now we need to decide.
Dawn Abriel: Can you give me some idea in terms of grams. How much opioid you're getting per day.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: I'm trying to kind of divide this 600 we into daily
Mike: Amount I'm
Dawn Abriel: Let's do it this way.
Dawn Abriel: Let's do it this way. I'm going to give you one strip eight milligrams
Dawn Abriel: And I want you to start by cutting it in half and taking half of the strip and waiting at least an hour. See how how much
Dawn Abriel: Of your withdrawal is
Mike: Of really, really high dose amount per milligrams per, per day. I, I know that for certain
Mike: And so, um, I, I would rather try to play it safe and go with a higher amount I because I really know that that probably would not quite cut it as far as that.
Dawn Abriel: Well, I'm you know I'm going to be seeing you tomorrow night.
Dawn Abriel: At six o'clock. So let's do it this way today so you can so I can tell what's going on for you. I'm going to give you two strips one for today and one to take tomorrow morning and
Mike: I kind of did the math over here. And I would say about
Mike: About four and a half grams of heroin per, per day.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah. So you're right. I think you will take at least
Dawn Abriel: Two strips.
Dawn Abriel: So here's the thing you. I'll give you the two strips, but
Dawn Abriel: Be careful with it, you'll know that you're taking too much if you get kind of woozy and sleepy. That's too much buprenorphine.
Water
Dawn Abriel: So, so why don't you do it this way at eight o'clock tonight.
Dawn Abriel: Take one strip
Dawn Abriel: Because that's good and then tomorrow morning, take
Dawn Abriel: I think you just gonna have to
Dawn Abriel: SEE HOW SEE HOW LONG one stripped last you
Dawn Abriel: Before you take the second one.
Dawn Abriel: But then on a daily basis, you take them together, you would take all your medicine all at once. First thing in the morning.
Dawn Abriel: So, it is, it goes under your tongue.
Dawn Abriel: And it has to sit there for
Dawn Abriel: At least two minutes.
Mike: Are they in a pill form or are they the other
Dawn Abriel: Film i i
Dawn Abriel: What's the difference for you.
Mike: I beat with the dentures that I have the something to film sometimes kind of what I have noticed as it kind of got a little bit gummy and kind of stuck I if it's possible that I could get the the pill form that would be preferred. But I'm whatever it is that I get. I get
Dawn Abriel: Okay, here's the thing. If I ordered the tablets for you every single week. You have to say, Doc. Remember I take tablets, because everyone else is on the film and I the exceptions. I have a really hard time remembering
Mike: Oh, I could only imagine your workload in trying to remember everything for everybody. Okay, no problem.
Dawn Abriel: So I'll do the tablets and
Dawn Abriel: You, you cannot smoke a half an hour before taking your tablets, because if you do the smoking cramps down all your blood vessels everywhere. That's why it's so causes heart disease and strokes.
Dawn Abriel: But it, what it does is the network of vessels under your tongue that are supposed to be absorbing the medicine they get cramped down to, and they won't absorb it.
Dawn Abriel: So that first morning cigarette. I recommend that you hold off, take your medicine.
Dawn Abriel: And then maybe 1520 minutes later, you can rinse your mouth out because they don't taste good.
Mike: God
Dawn Abriel: Will tell me they taste.
Dawn Abriel: Pretty nasty.
Mike: Got it. So today I don't take any drugs today well
Dawn Abriel: If you do, no.
Dawn Abriel: No, no, Mike. Remember I said, You've got to have those 12 hours.
Mike: Yeah. Yeah, that's what I wanted to know. So like from like I took something this morning at eight. So I would at least one away. And then at eight o'clock tonight, I would be able to take this Suboxone
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, just take one tablet and then tomorrow morning.
Dawn Abriel: If you, if you're noticing some withdrawal. Then take both of them.
Dawn Abriel: Take two
Mike: Okay, okay.
Dawn Abriel: And then tomorrow night.
Dawn Abriel: You're you'll come into the virtual clinic.
Dawn Abriel: A little, little before six
Dawn Abriel: When they're there. And there are lots of groups going on. Sometimes the care coordinators have to put you in a waiting room a virtual waiting room until they can get to you because they're processing. A lot of people all at once.
Dawn Abriel: So, the earlier you can get in there, then they can give you the group room number because the group room changes every week, the number changes every week.
Mike: Um, so, okay, so that I take my medication in the morning and then I go to work I work 10 hour shift. So am I, is that, you know, last week through my entire workshop or do I need to take something with me because like I said it's a 10 hour shift.
Dawn Abriel: Right, so this medicine is a long acting opioids. It's it stays in your system between 24 and 36 hours.
Mike: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So you won't need it again until Tuesday morning
Mike: Okay, I'm in that even if I'm at like two strips. A day or two tablets.
Dawn Abriel: Look, this is what I'm saying. We
Dawn Abriel: Know, we don't know your body
Mike: Let it go. Okay, I know.
Dawn Abriel: And it's gonna take two or three days before you really know how that your blood level is up to where it needs to be. You should wake up, ready to take your medicine. That's the way it's formulated.
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: When is group.
Mike: Group is Mondays at 6am
Dawn Abriel: And what are you going to do after you get off with me.
Mike: I'm going to get on the virtual clinic and ask them, How could do my BAM and a
Dawn Abriel: Good deal. Do you have any other questions, and you're going to go get your labs, as soon as possible because I can't write for another prescription until you get your labs done. I need to know how your liver what your liver looks like.
Mike: Okay, I'm okay. And then so, so I will, I will definitely get that as fast as possible. Um, my prescription will be sent electronically here to the Walgreens.
Dawn Abriel: Whichever whichever store you told the care coordinator, you use. That's the one that will be in the computer. Yeah.
Mike: Yeah okay and then so when, when do I go to to get that picked up or do I call them and or
Dawn Abriel: You should always always always call
Dawn Abriel: And say,
Dawn Abriel: Is my E prescription in is it packaged and and you should remind them that it's the tablets, not the film.
Mike: Got it, got it. And then tomorrow night. I'll get back on you and I will have another
Mike: Another session.
Dawn Abriel: Know, you'll be in group.
Dawn Abriel: That will be tomorrow night is group.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so I check in with everyone about their medicine.
God
Mike: When will I get my next prescription
Mike: When or how does that work.
Mike: Out or like when
Dawn Abriel: You come to group I order medicine.
Mike: Got it, got it. I remember you saying, okay, okay, okay, great. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: I really need to go because I've got another patient coming in. It was wonderful meeting you. I look forward to seeing you tomorrow night, you will get a notice from the therapist because she needs to do a mental health interview with you and set up the one on one appointments
Mike: Okay, great. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Do you have any questions, write them down and I'll answer them tomorrow night.
Mike: Okay, sounds great. I will
Mike: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Have a good Sunday.
Mike: You say,
Bye bye.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, I forgot to do the recording, so I will go through and fill the bubbles in myself.
Dawn Abriel: Because I
Can
Dawn Abriel: I should
Dawn Abriel: punish myself for bad behavior.